# ML_Model_GAGD
In this study, I predicted the tertiary oil recovery with the Gas-Assisted Gravity Drainage (GAGD) method in fractured porous media using shallow and deep neural network (NN) algorithms. I explored the tertiary oil recovery prediction versus viscosity, density, surface tension, porosity, permeability, wettability index, connate water saturation, residual water saturation after flooding, production rate, production time, capillary number, dimensionless time, and bond number. For this purpose, using 263 sets of experimental data from the literature [91,92], I first assessed the relationship between various parameters and tertiary oil recovery and determined a subset of the most influential parameters. Running DOE using ANOVA over the variables mentioned above showed that the tertiary oil recovery is a strong function of the wettability index, connate water saturation, residual water flooding, and production time. As the next step, I conducted a comparative study on one to four hidden layers ANN models to find the best architecture of the NN algorithms for predicting the tertiary oil recovery. My benchmarks for selecting the best algorithm were RMSE, MRE, and R2. Note that because of the acceptable performance of the Levenberg-Marquardt (LM) algorithm in terms of error and execution time, I used this algorithm in training the neural network models. Finally, for the transfer functions, I deployed tansig function for all layers except the output layer where purlin function is utilized.
